At Detailed Block, we aim to connect technology 
communities. Founded in 2013, we are a news source for 
technology and startup information. Our news, research 
and events provide insight on the companies, people and 
trends creating new economies. 

What makes Detailed Block stand out among its competitors? 
Detailed Block’s news, events and research provide a distinct perspective on Charlotte’s technology 
startups, but when held up against the competition, they all intersect with the following 
differentiators. 
Unique Audience 
We provide direct access to a unique audience. No other news source in the Charlotte area has a 
concentration of young professionals with an interest in technology. 
Growing Audience 
We have growth potential. Over the past 6 months our audience has grown 50%. As a marketing 
channel, Detailed Block has plenty opportunity to bring awareness to your brand. 
Useful research 
We provide context to Charlotte’s emerging technology community. Focused on the consumer, 
Detailed Block provides tools that help investors, employees and entrepreneurs make decisions. 
Multiplatform 
We are a media company with news, research and events channels. 

Our community of over 3 thousand monthly unique readers 
consists of investors, entrepreneurs, decision makers and rising 
leaders in Charlotte’s technology sector. 
Our traffic has increased over 50% in the past 6 months. There is plenty opportunity for growth 
throughout the Charlotte area. Our readers are professional, smart, have diverse perspectives and 
are decision makers 
● 62% have a household income greater than $100,000 
● 88% have a college education 
● We have a diverse audience reading our site 
● 75% are male 
● 56% are between the ages of 18 and 44 
● 78% do not have children 

Why advertise on Detailed Block? 
In one year, Detailed Block has grown to over 10 thousand page views and over 3 thousand monthly 
unique visitors who are engaged in a new community. This audience has grown completely through 
word of mouth. 75% of our visits come from the Charlotte region. 10% arrive from the 
Raleigh-Durham area. Top cities from the last 15% include Chicago, New York and San Francisco. 
Our news site has the ability to reach Charlotte’s growing creative technology class. Our 
tech-savvy, socially connected readers feel represented, valued and open to what’s presented to 
them, whether it’s news content, market research or events that meet their needs. 
Awareness and branding ($400/month) 
Formats accepted: GIF, JPEG, PNG 
300x250 ad units available 
Newsletter/RSS ads ($350/month) 
Formats accepted: GIF, JPEG, PNG 
Creative size: 300x250 
Provides awareness of your brand to our audience. 

Sponsored Tools ($1000/month) 
Events Board 
Startup Report (updated quarterly) 
Directory* 
Job Board* 
These tools will place your brand among the most focused tools 
of Detailed Block. Readers use these tools to make the best 
decisions. The events board is the leading collection of startup 
and entrepreneurship focused events in the Charlotte area. Our 
startup report provides insight into the amount of funding 
startups have raised each quarter, the number of startups in the 
Charlotte area, and much much more. Our startup directory and 
startup technology job board will arrive mid 2014. 
Series ($1000+/month) 
Sponsoring a series related to your brand will help create 
a conversation around a topic your potential customers 
care about. Previous series topics have included 
Charlotte’s first college incubator attendees, following 
two social entrepreneurs as they navigated through 
Queen City Forward’s social incubator, and a monthly 
series highlighting the vision of Charlotte’s startup 
community leadership. 

Detailed Block Events 
In 2014, Detailed Block set out to create events to bring together the brightest and most 
experienced minds in Charlotte’s emerging technology startups. Each month, Detailed Block will 
create a monthly event that allows Charlotte’s unconnected communities to rekindle relationships. 
Monthly Event 
Supporting Sponsorship: $500 
● Company name/logo listed on event 
website 
● Thank you & recognition during the 
event 
● One ticket to the event 
Headline Sponsorship: $1000 
● Company name/logo listed on 
event website 
● Thank you & recognition during 
the event 
● Company name/logo listed on 
event signage if applicable 
● Opportunity to hang banners at 
the event 
● Two tickets to the event 
The second focus of events will be to combine narrow and deep focuses with strong editorial 
content and face time with technology leaders to give attendees the tools they need to capitalize 
on emerging trends. One of these events will be held each quarter. The first is in planning stages to 
be held in November. Sponsorships opportunities will vary for each event. 

Reach out to Detailed Block 
In addition to DetailedBlock.com, we maintain a strong presence on the following social media 
sites, ensuring that our reach extends far beyond the website: 
● facebook.com/DetailedBlock 
● twitter.com/DetailedBlock 
● linkedin.com/company/detailed-block 
If you have any questions, send an email to contact@detailedblock.com. 
